[Music]
nine types of hugs that will shed light
on your relationship when did you last
hug someone how did you feel isn't it
such a nice feeling to hug and be hugged
hugging is the simplest form of
displaying affection not only do we
greet each other with hugs but also it
is a gesture to convey that we care it
is the perfect thing in between holding
hands and kissing even if you are not
the most sensitive person a warm hug can
make you feel nice if you think every
hug is the same sorry but you are wrong
there are so many different types of
hugs and you had better know all their
differences we can tell you which hug
means what 9 the hug from behind a
strong embrace from behind says that the
hugger is ready to protect you from all
hardships and is not afraid to take
responsibility he is a true knight and
he will feel safe next to him so don't
waste your time grab him and build up a
family as long as you want it your
choice will be rewarded bingo 8 the hug
at the waist even if the man hasn't
confessed his feelings to you yet this
embrace speaks for itself this hug shows
that he is happy to see you and trusts
you completely
moreover the gesture suggests that a
person in front of you is open and cares
for your relationship he is unarmed
before you and wants to spend as much
time together as possible however be
careful
these men are often quick to fall in and
out of love 7 the hug with a pat on the
back this hug is more common for
friendships than for romantic
relationships if you're just friends now
romance is unlikely to happen your
friend will support you and hear you out
though and if you are in a relationship
and this is the only hug you experience
it is not worth thinking about it seems
that your man is not with you because of
great love probably he is just a good
friend or a friend of benefits he is not
going to take you down the aisle 6 the
hug while looking into the eyes how he
hugs you incredibly gently and
delicately and then looks straight into
your eyes then you can be sure this is a
symbol of a true and deep connection
between you two he values you very much
and everything that is happening is
important to him the chance of such a
kind embrace taking place between two
individuals who are not in deep feelings
is rare not only does this gesture
communicate passionate desire but also
sentimental attachment such
relationships have a future and perhaps
a happy one 5 the London Bridge hug
there is a literal distance between you
and the embrace itself seems rushed in
nearly polite it is a clear sign that a
person who doesn't want to hug you and
is only doing it because it has to it
could be that you don't care for each
other and are just trying to save face
but why if the person is unpleasant to
you a wave a handshake or an otter ok
there are exceptions though if you go to
a family dinner and meet your grumpy
uncle or your weird cousin who is always
frozen smelly
this hub may come in handy but that's
another story for the long hug
we bet you have experienced this type of
hug before this embrace is certainly
familiar to everyone it is necessary
when you need the support of a loved one
it lasts without any words uttered and
things are looking up somehow hugs like
these are meant to make the other person
feel better if you get them just keep in
mind that the hugger sees you and
himself as people who can make each
other pull through believe us he is
ready to be with you in joy and in
sorrow which is very very important
three the one-handed hug how this hub
can have many interpretations depending
on who is the hugger when your
significant other hugs you at the
shoulder he takes you under his wing and
tries to protect you from any adversity
if your only friends then the man offers
his help and support however if a girl
hugs a guy like this especially when
saying bye then it is likely that she
perceives him only as a good friend in a
relationship is not possible is it a hug
or a half hug after all to the naughty
hug this guy has a wild temper and he
can't wait to move your relationship to
a new stage thus he seeks to quickly
demonstrate that this woman belongs to
him and only him if your relationship
has just begun and he's already not
watching his hands this hardly speaks of
deep feelings he could just be a player
but if you've been together for a long
time
then there's nothing wrong with such
flirting quite the contrary
the fire is still burning and his love
is still a flame one the strong hug if a
man hugs you firmly lightly stroking
your back then you are lucky he treats
you very well and appreciates you his
passionate strong hugs are a big deal
the embrace itself means that he feels a
big responsibility to you moreover your
presence in his life makes him feel nice
such men are sincere and romantic and
they dream of a healthy and happy family
incidentally they also make excellent
husbands so take a closer look at it
finally embraces are not as simple as
they seem they can easily indicate what
a person wants to get from you in a
relationship moreover it is not
difficult to distinguish real love via
hugs
however hugs of trust friendship and
help are a necessity as well so let's
hug each other a little more often do
you know any other types of hugs share
them in the comment section below don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and click subscribe to join us on
the bright side of life rights up
[Music]